DOCS-4019 made edits (#291)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/add-api-alert-task.adoc

= Add API Alerts
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> You can add one or more API alerts for your API instances to track and manage APIs.

Reviewer: "add to" rather than "add for"
```suggestion
You can add one or more API alerts to your API instances to track and manage APIs.
```
BETTER
```suggestion
To track and manage API performance, add one or more alerts to your API instances.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

To add an API alert:

. Navigate to *API Manager* > *API Administration* and click the API instance for which you want to add an alert.

> . From the left navigation select *Alerts* > *Add alert*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the left navigation pane, select *Alerts* > *Add alert*.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

. Specify the alert options:

> * *Name*: Type an alert name, for example `trial-alert`.

Reviewer: If ALL the bullet-list entries were just a couple of words, I would say leave them on one line. But they are not, so please follow our standard bullet-list style:
```suggestion
* *Name*
+
Type an alert name, for example `trial-alert`.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * *Enabled*: Accept the default option: *Enabled*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Enabled*
+
Accept the default option, *Enabled*.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

+

> If you no longer need the alert, you can disable it any time later.

Reviewer: Remove this; it is irrelevant here, when the audience is ADDING an alert.
Also remove it because our audience really should understand that if there is an *Enabled* option, there must be its opposite. 
Even were you to keep it, it needs rewording to indicate a future condition:
```suggestion
When you no longer need the alert, you can disable it.
```

Author: You can delete an alert anytime if not required. Done! Thanks!

> * *Severity*: Select a severity for the alert, for example, *Info*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Severity*
+
Select a severity for the alert, for example, *Info*.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * *Alert type*: Select the type of alert to create, for example, *Request Count*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Alert type*
+
Select the type of alert to create, for example, *Request Count*.
```
What follows does not make sense, because this step tells the audience to select a type of alert to create, names an example, but then goes on to detail THAT example, which is not going to help anyone who chooses a different type of alert to create.

This needs to be reworked so that is made clear, that the three sublisted items here apply ONLY to the one example and not all types offered in the UI control.

I suggest that omit these sublist items altogether.

You could also alter this main list item as follows:
```suggestion
* *Alert type*
+
Select the type of alert to create (for example, *Request Count*), and provide appropriate alert configuration values.
```
Your other alternative is to follow the main list item, *Alert type*, with a text that clarifies that the sublist items documented here are only the configuration options for the *Request Count* alert, and that other alerts will have different configuration items.

Author: Done! Thanks!

** *When number of occurrences are*: Select *Greater*.
** *than*: Type 1.
** *For at least*: Type a value in the range 1 - 999999999 to specify the time intervals as a https://www.techopedia.com/definition/869/sliding-window[sliding windows].

> * *Recipients*: Select the names of the users in your business group, or type the email addresses of users who must receive the notifications when the alert is generated, and press return.

Reviewer: Suggest omitting, per above.
If kept, these require reformatting in our bullet style.
Also, "press return"? What is the actual user action? "pressing return" is not a UI action but a keyboard action.

Author: Removed! Done! Thanks!

. Select *Create Alert*.

== See Also

> * xref:using-api-alerts.adoc[Review Alerts concepts]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:using-api-alerts.adoc[Review Alerts Concepts]
```

Author: Done! Thanks!
